Update wasmtime agenda for next meeting (#3590)
bytecodealliance/wasmtime: meetings/wasmtime/2021/wasmtime-12-09.md

    1. Please help take notes.
    1. Thanks!
1. Announcements
    1. _Submit a PR to add your announcement here_
1. Other agenda items

>     1. Profiling (with vtune on linux and windows, other approaches on Windows)

Author: No, really meant other approaches on Windows (e.g. integration with other profilers), but MacOS would be interesting to discuss, so will amend. Thanks!

>     1. Profiling (with vtune on linux and windows, other approaches on Windows)

Author: ```suggestion
    1. Profiling (with vtune on Linux and Windows, other profilers on Windows, profiling on MacOS)
```

>     1. Profiling (with vtune on linux and windows, other approaches on Windows)

Reviewer: ah, I misunderstood! Thank you for the clarification!)
